Update the logo files. (#6)
logsem/iris-project: iris-logo/README.md

# The Iris Logo

## Logo

The official logo can be obtained, in SVG form, via

>     latexmk logo

Reviewer: When I run this command, it creates a PDF file, but I cannot find a PNG file in the `iris-logo` folder. Am I doing something wrong?

Reviewer 2: None of the commands I wrote in the README are supposed to produce a PNG.
The end result of both is a SVG.
With `latexmk logo` you get `logo.dvi` first (compiled with `latex`) and then `logo.svg` produced from the DVI using `dvisvgm` (included in TeXLive).
With `latexmk -pdf logo` you run `pdflatex` to produce `logo.pdf` and then `logo.svg` is generated from the PDF using `pdf2svg`.
I prefer the first option, but the previous setup was following the second so I included both. Having a PDF could also be handy for inclusion in LaTeX documents.
Note that the SVG produced by the two workflows would differ.

Reviewer: Sorry, I meant SVG. I didn't get one of those either.

Reviewer: Here's the folder content after `latexmk logo`:
```
design  favicon.tex  latexmkrc  logo.aux  logo.fdb_latexmk  logo.fls  logo.log  logo.pdf  logosetup.tex  logo.tex  README.md
```
There's no dvi file, but there is a pdf file.

Reviewer 2: that is weird, maybe you have a global latexmkrc file making default to -pdf?
Maybe try with `latexmk -r latexmkrc logo`?

Reviewer 2: (or `latexmk -dvi logo`)

Reviewer: latexmk says
```
Rc files read:
  /etc/LatexMk
  ./latexmkrc
```
and the one in `/etc` contains
```
$pdf_mode = 4;
```
I am not sure what "4" means but yes it sounds like I have a PDF default. (Which makes sense, why would I want dvi files?^^) I don't remember if I set that or if this is a distro thing.

Reviewer: > latexmk -r latexmkrc logo

That still does the same thing.

Maybe we should put `$pdf_mode = X` into the local `latexmkrc`, for the right value of `X`?

Reviewer: `latexmk -dvi logo` says thins that end in
```
Rule 'dvipdf': File changes, etc:
   Changed files, or newly in use since previous run(s):
      'logo.dvi'
   Rule(s) that have been run and require run of dependent rule:
      'latex' which requires run of 'dvipdf'
------------
Run number 1 of rule 'dvipdf'
------------
For rule 'dvipdf', running '&do_viewfile(  )' ...
------------
Running 'dvipdf  "logo.dvi" "logo.pdf"'
------------
Latexmk: All targets (logo.dvi logo.pdf) are up-to-date
```
This doesn't mention an svg file, but one is still being created. :)

This will produce the SVG by first compiling to DVI then to SVG using `dvisvgm`.
Alternatively, by running

    latexmk -pdf logo

> one gets a PDF and an SVG obtained by running `pdf2svg`.

Reviewer: When should I use this alternative? Will this produce a different result? Which method is used for the official files? It's a bit confusing to have two ways when it's not clear why one would use one or the other.

Reviewer 2: My preference would be to go `latexmk logo` to produce the SVG, and `pdflatex logo` to produce a PDF (if needed)

Reviewer 2: If you prefer to call convert as well all in one command, one can ditch latexmk and prepare an equivalent make file.

Reviewer: I don't have a strong preference either way here, I was just trying to understand the setup.^^ I find the documentation didn't answer the questions that came up when reading it, hence my comments.

To clean up:

    latexmk -c logo # gets rid of auxiliary files (including DVI and PDF)
    latexmk -C logo # gets rid of SVG output too

## Favicon

Similar commands deal with the favicon:

>     latexmk favicon # produce favicon.svg via dvisvgm

Reviewer: What is this witchcraft, how can latexmk know to produce ico files?^^

Do we have any control about the sizes if the images in the ico file?

Reviewer: Right now it seems to be 24x24, which is larger than the old one (which I think was 16x16).

Reviewer: Oh wait, it produces svg, not ico -- silly me. So `convert` now suddenly picks a different size? That seems rather fragile?

Reviewer 2: You could make it produce the ico too by editing the `latexmkrc` file...
I don't know the details of how `convert` produces ico files, I am sure you can instruct it to produce precise sizes...

    latexmk -pdf favicon # produce favicon.svg via pdf2svg
    
    # for old browsers:
    convert favicon.pdf favicon.ico
    # Converting to ico from pdf yields better results in my tests

    latexmk -c favicon # clean auxiliary files
    latexmk -C favicon # clean output too

## Design folder

The `design` folder contains the LaTeX/TikZ sources used to experiment with designs of the logo/favicon.
They offer various parameters and switches to produce variants of the logo.

> They are preserved here for archive and in case of a redesign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are preserved here as an archive and in case of a redesign.
```
